1. We applied Boost::Asio and Boost::Beast libraries to connect proxy with clients and servers and parse requests and responses. We treated 
requests and responses that cannot be parsed by the Boost::Beast library as invalid.  We trust the validity of the library but it is possible
that they have undetected bugs which would cause our proxy to fail. 

2. Invalid hostname handle:  At first, we did not handle the error that may happen when connecting the proxy to the server. When we access
one webpage, http://vpod1q.qa.lijit.com/, boost cannot resolve this hostname to an IP address. Then we fixed it by catching the exception
thrown by boost and ignoring the request, and logging it. 

3. Cache lock: At first, a simple mutex is applied to the cache whenever the proxy needs to read and write into the cache. However, it is
not efficient because multiple threads should be able to read the cache at the same time. Later we applied a read/write lock for improvement. 

4. Connection tunnel closed: we used synchronized read and write for the connection between the client and server. The tcp::socket::available()
method is implemented to see if there is data to read from either socket. Since it is not blocking, we cannot use its return value ==0 to
decide whether the connection is closed. The methodology we applied is to wait for the read and write methods to throw exceptions. However, 
we did not specify if the exception is caused by closed sockets or other possible errors, we generally treated exceptions as signals for 
closed tunnels.




1. Our group has worked on two different versions, one with pure c++ socket, one with boost, and put a lot of time in debugging on two versions, 
if we plan a better version control,we can save a lot of time
2. In Previous version, the design and naming of the functions don't follow single responbility principle, a lot of repeated code
3. For pure socket version, we don't use while loop to recv() bytes at first, which can cause error
4. we don't care about the exception in the first version, which can make the server fail
5. At first, the proxy.log directory is not correct
